Update documentation (#152)
PecanProject/sipnet: docs/user-guide/model-inputs.md

| wood-C        |   6   |   Y   | C added to above-ground wood pool (g C / m2) |
| fine-root-C   |   7   |   Y   | C added to fine root pool (g C / m2)         |
| coarse-root-C |   8   |   Y   | C added to coarse root pool (g C / m2)       |

- Model representation:
  - Date of event is the date of emergence, not the date of actual planting 
  - Increases size of carbon pools by the amount of each respective parameter
  - $N$ pools are calculated from $CN$ stoichiometric ratios.
- notes: PFT (crop type) is not an input parameter for a planting event because SIPNET only represents a single PFT.

### Harvest

| parameter                                                  |  col  | req?  | description           |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | :---: | :---: | --------------------- |
| fraction of aboveground biomass removed                    |   5   |   Y   |                       |
| fraction of belowground biomass removed                    |   6   |   N   | default = 0           |
| fraction of aboveground biomass transferred to litter pool |   7   |   N   | default = 1 - removed |

> | fraction of belowground biomass transferred to litter pool |   8   |   N   | default = 1 - removed |

Author: @infotroph good catch, and yes it appears that these are all required in the current implementation. These defaults make sense for annuals but not perennials, so I think it should stay this way for simplicity.

```suggestion
| fraction of belowground biomass removed                    |   6   |   Y   | |
| fraction of aboveground biomass transferred to litter pool |   7   |   Y   | |
| fraction of belowground biomass transferred to litter pool |   8   |   Y   | |
```

@Alomir leaving this for you to make sure we are on the same page about the updated requirements.

> | fraction of belowground biomass transferred to litter pool |   8   |   N   | default = 1 - removed |

Author: FYI the requirement is enforced by https://github.com/PecanProject/sipnet/blob/85a136bf6078b2b2943d92b06a577fde15cc0844/src/sipnet/events.c#L47-L49
